Piktur s   bysi Bertia -  retaked uf thesi klasik  s ilustrationk by Walter Cran.
kakao and kofi

sukses 
kakao and kofi

sukses 
kakao and kofi

sukses 
Duration 3:15.
Based on thesi Charmingsi version by   Viktorian writer Andrew Lang.
Read by Natasha.

Ons upons  tim ther wer thri bears, who liveds together in  hous of their own in  wud. On of them was  litl, smal wi bear; on was  midl-sized bear, and  other was  great, hug bear.

On days, after they had  madi poridges for their breakfast, they walked out into  wud whil  poridg was kuling. And whil they wer walking,  litl girl kam into  hous. This litl girl had golden kurls that tumbled down her bak to her waist, and everyon kaled her by Goldiloks.

Goldiloks went insid. First sukses sh tastedk  poridg of  great, hug bear, and that was far tu hot for her. And then sh tasted  poridg of  midl bear, and that was tu kold for her. And then sh went to  poridg of  litl, smal wi bear, and tasted that. And that was neither tu hot nor tu kold, but just right; and sh liked it so wel, that sh at it al up.

Then Goldiloks went upstairs into  bed khamber and first sh lay down upon  bed of  great, hug bear, and then sh lay down upon  bed of  midl bear and finaly sh lay down upon  bed of  litl, smal wi bear, and that was just right. So sh kovered herself up komfortably, and lay ther until sh fel fast aslip.

By this tim,  thri bears sukses thought their poridg would b kul enough, so they kam hom to breakfast.

“SOMEBODY HAS BEN AT MY PORIDGE!” said  great hug bear, in his great hug vois.

“Somebody has bin at my poridg!” said  midl bear, in his midl vois.

Then  litl, smal wi bear luked at his, and ther was  spun in  poridg pot, but  poridg was al gon.

“Somebody has bin at my  sukses poridg, and has eaten it al up!” said  litl, smal wi bear, in his litl, smal wi vois.

Then  thri bears went upstairs into their bedrum.

“SOMEBODY HAS BEN LYING IN MY BED!” said  great, hug bear, in his great, rough, gruf vois.

“Somebody has bin lying in my bed!” said  midl bear, in his midl vois.

And when  litl, smal, wi bear kam to luk at his bed, upon  pilow ther was  pul of golden kurls, and  angelik fas of  litl girl snoring away, fast aslip.

“Somebody has bin lying in my bed, and her sh is!” Said  litl, smal wi bear, in his litl, smal wi vois.

Goldiloks jumped of  bed and ran downstairs, out of  dur and down  garden path. Sh ran and sh ran until sh reakhed  hous of her grandmama. When sh told her grandmama about  hous of  thri bears who lived in  wud, her grany said: “My my, what  wild imagination you hav, khild!”
